# express-payment-request
A middleware for Express which can be used to serve the Payment Request API.

> **Hey, you. Yes _you_.**
> Don't use this for anything. It's currently highly experimental and most likely doesn't do what you'd like it to.
>
> Check back soon though. ;)


where to get merchant identifier (certificates, profiles and identifiers)

### Configuring Your Apple Pay Certificate

To authenticate Apply Pay payment requests using `express-payment-request`, transactions between the [`express`]() middleware and Apple Pay must be properly signed using the [**Apple Pay Merchant Identity Certificate**]().

#### 1. Creating the 2048 RSA Certificate (MacOS)

  - Open up [**KeyChain Access**]().
  - In the navigation bar, click on **Certificate Assistant** under the **KeyChain Access** dropdown.
  - Next, click **Request a Certificate from a Certificate Authority**.
    - Note that if you can't see this method, try making sure you don't have an existing set of credentials highlighted in KeyChain, because it will try to treat _those_ as the authority, which is not what we want.
  - Enter your `E-Mail Address`, `CA Email Address` (this can be the same as the `Email Address`), and set the `Common Name` to something memorable, like **"Apple Pay 2048 RSA"**.
  - Make sure **Save to disk** is selected, then hit **Continue**.
  - Save the resulting **Certificate Signing Request** to your desktop.

### 2. Upload the Certificate Signing Request to your Mechant Account.
  - Under **Apple Pay Merchant Identity Certificate** on [**Certificates, Identifiers and Profiles**](), tap on **Create Certificate**.
  - Upload your Certificate Signing Request.
  - Once finished, download the `merchant_id.csr` generated by [**Apple**]().

#### 3. Export the Public Key and Private Key from KeyChain.
  - Decide on a `password` that you'll want to use for the certificate you'll be using to sign your [**mutual TLS**]() with Apple Pay.
    - Don't lose this! It's important and we'll need it in later steps, so be sure to keep track of it.
  - Back in **KeyChain**, find the **Private Key** which belong to the RSA Certificate you generated in Step 1.
  - Next, right click to export the **Private Key**. When prompted for an **Access Password** use the `password` you decided on at the beginning of this section.
  - Finally, you'll be prompted to enter your Apple Login credentials to export the keys. Enter these and save the **Private Key** to the desktop; in this guide, we'll name the key `private.p12`.

At this stage, your RSA certificate for secure TLS transactions between your server and Apple Pay has been recognized, and you have `merchant_id.cer` and your `private.p12` on the desktop.

Before going onto the next section, be sure you have [**OpenSSL**]() installed. You can verify it exists by executing `openssl -v` in your **Terminal**.

### 4. Convert your `merchant_id.cer` into a `.p12` certificate.

On your **Desktop**, execute the following commands:

```
# generate .pem
openssl x509 -in merchant_id.cer -inform DER -out merchant_id.pem -outform PEM
# generate .key (requires access password)
openssl pkcs12 -in private.p12 -nodes -out private.key -nocerts
# generate p12
openssl pkcs12 -export -out merchant_id.p12 -inkey private.key -in merchant_id.pem
```

The resulting file `merchant_id.p12` can now be used to sign transactions with Apple Pay.

To verify the correctness of your certificate, you can use [**`cURL`**]():

```
curl --data '{"merchantIdentifier":"your.merchant.identifier","domainName":"yourdomainname.com","displayName":"MyStore"}' --cert-type P12 --cert ~/Desktop/merchant_id.p12 --pass "your-password-here" https://apple-pay-gateway.apple.com/paymentservices/startSession  -v
```

Upon success, curl should print a valid payment nonce negotiated with Apple Pay. 🚀

## License
[MIT](./LICENSE)
